README.md, before:

# Memory Card Game
This is a memory card game thet was ceated with javascript language for educational purposes. The goal of this project is to create a simple memory game where the player can entertain him/herself and at the same time practice/improve memory skills.

# UX

Ideal User:
The ideal users for this game would be adults and children above 10 years old.

1. As an user at this game, I would like to be able to entertain myself playing a memory card game.
2. As an user of this game, I want to be able to practice my memory skills.
3. As an user of this game, I would like to play the game at anytime in any device.
4. As a plaer of this game, I would like to be stimulated to match the cards as fast as possible. 

### Strategy
The goal of this project was to create a memory card game, where the user can entertain him/herself and practice memory skills at anytime in anyplace.

### Scope
This game game can be played at different devices suchs as desktops, laptops, tablets and cel phones, due it's responsiveness. As matching the cards as fast as possible is the goal at the game, a progressive timer has been added with the purpose to stimulate the player to improve memory skills by allowing him/her to track the time that has been taken to match all the cards.

### Structure
When the player starts the game by clicking the start button, a pop-up message shows up with basic instructions. Once the pop-up box is closed the timer turns to yellow color and starts running progressivilly.
As soon that all the cards are matched, the timer stops and turns to green color, indicating that the game is finished.

### Skeleton
The mockup of this project can be find above at the "skeleton" folder.

### Surface
The layout of this project can be find above at the "surface" folder.

# Features
The game has a card borad 16 cards with 8 different images. Also, besides a timer that runs progressively there's a start button, that when is clicked shows a message with instructions.
As soon as the pop-up box with instructions is closed, the timer starts runing and it's color change to yellow.
When the player match all the cards, timer stops and turn it color to green.

### Features to be implemented
For the future I would like to change the timer to a regressive mode(for ex. 02:00 minutes to find all cards) and then I would like to create new levels increasing difficulty with less time (for ex. 01:00 minute to match all cards). I think that would estimulate the player to think faster and improve memory skills.
Also, it could be interesting to have a table with player's best times, so they can keep track of their progress.
For last, I also would like to implement the style of the pop-up messages.

# Technologies used
* HTML 5
* CSS 3
* Javascript
* Google Fonts
* Picsum photo
* Bootstrap 4
* Git - Version control
* Github - For repository
* Gitpod - IDE for game construction
* Github pages - Game displaying

# Testing
For HTML was used W3c Markup validator service, and no errors were found.
CSS 3 was validated through W3C validation service and no errors were found, but 2 issues were detected.
JShint was used to validate javascript code, and despite detecting 33 warnings, no erros were found.
Screen shots of validation can be seeing on the validation paste.

# Deployment
The site is deployed on GitHub pages from the master branch and will update automatically upon new commits. It can be accessed via https://kikobertacco.github.io/memorygame-MS2/.

# Credits
The content of this game was mostly created by me. 
The images were taken from picsum.photos api.
Inspiration for this project came from youtube videos as:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rk4J-d7sPKQ&t=1179s&ab_channel=C%C3%B3digodeEstagi%C3%A1rio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4lOwOOK7yE&ab_channel=CodingHack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28VfzEiJgy4&ab_channel=WebDevSimplified

## Acknowledgements
This game is part of the Interactive Fronted Development milestone Project from Code Institute, and it has only educational purposes.
Would like to thank Professor Marcos Kutova for his precious tips and advices on Javascript and for suggesting me to use https://picsum.photos/ for randon images.
I also would like to give an special thanks to my mentor Brian Macharia, for helping me and most of all given me the motivation that was missing at the beggining of this project.

Commit message:

Add user stories testing on README.md

README.md, after:

# Memory Card Game
This is a memory card game thet was ceated with javascript language for educational purposes. The goal of this project is to create a simple memory game where the player can entertain him/herself and at the same time practice/improve memory skills.

# UX

Ideal User:
The ideal users for this game would be adults and children above 10 years old.

1. As an user at this game, I would like to be able to entertain myself playing a memory card game.
2. As an user of this game, I want to be able to practice my memory skills.
3. As an user of this game, I would like to play the game at anytime in any device.
4. As a plaer of this game, I would like to be stimulated to match the cards as fast as possible. 

### Strategy
The goal of this project was to create a memory card game, where the user can entertain him/herself and practice memory skills at anytime in anyplace.

### Scope
This game game can be played at different devices suchs as desktops, laptops, tablets and cel phones, due it's responsiveness. As matching the cards as fast as possible is the goal at the game, a progressive timer has been added with the purpose to stimulate the player to improve memory skills by allowing him/her to track the time that has been taken to match all the cards.

### Structure
When the player starts the game by clicking the start button, a pop-up message shows up with basic instructions. Once the pop-up box is closed the timer turns to yellow color and starts running progressivilly.
As soon that all the cards are matched, the timer stops and turns to green color, indicating that the game is finished.

### Skeleton
The mockup of this project can be find above at the "skeleton" folder.

### Surface
The layout of this project can be find above at the "surface" folder.

# Features
The game has a card borad 16 cards with 8 different images. Also, besides a timer that runs progressively there's a start button, that when is clicked shows a message with instructions.
As soon as the pop-up box with instructions is closed, the timer starts runing and it's color change to yellow.
When the player match all the cards, timer stops and turn it color to green.

### Features to be implemented
For the future I would like to change the timer to a regressive mode(for ex. 02:00 minutes to find all cards) and then I would like to create new levels increasing difficulty with less time (for ex. 01:00 minute to match all cards). I think that would estimulate the player to think faster and improve memory skills.
Also, it could be interesting to have a table with player's best times, so they can keep track of their progress.
For last, I also would like to implement the style of the pop-up messages.

# Technologies used
* HTML 5
* CSS 3
* Javascript
* Google Fonts
* Picsum photo
* Bootstrap 4
* Git - Version control
* Github - For repository
* Gitpod - IDE for game construction
* Github pages - Game displaying

# Testing
For HTML was used W3c Markup validator service, and no errors were found.
CSS 3 was validated through W3C validation service and no errors were found, but 2 issues were detected.
JShint was used to validate javascript code, and despite detecting 33 warnings, no erros were found.
Screen shots of validation can be seeing on the validation folder.

### User stories Testing
1. As an user at this game, I would like to be able to entertain myself playing a memory card game.
* This game has been manually tested in different devices and browsers to check if cards were flipping correctly at the click on image and if  no more than 2 cards could be flipped at the time and it worked correctly.

2. As an user of this game, I want to be able to practice my memory skills.
* The manual test was done in different devices and browsers to check if cards were were matching correctly as well as shuffling every time that a new game was started. Tests demonstrated that it work as planned.

3. As an user of this game, I would like to play the game at anytime in any device.
* Responsiveness was checked by Chrome dev tools, and it looked right, but when I tested in devives Samsung 8, Samsung S10 and Samsung J6, the display was a bit out of place, but it could be easily adjusted by a little zoom out, without affect its functionality. I also tested on Samsung Galaxy pad and mac book pro and no major problems were detect. 

4. As a player of this game, I would like to be stimulated to match the cards as fast as possible. 
* The manual tests were done to check if the timer was working correctly, if it was yellow color when starts running progressivily and if it stoped and turned green when all cards were matched. Again, the tests revealed that timer worked as planned. 

# Deployment
The site is deployed on GitHub pages from the master branch and will update automatically upon new commits. It can be accessed via https://kikobertacco.github.io/memorygame-MS2/.

# Credits
The content of this game was mostly created by me. 
The images were taken from picsum.photos api.
Inspiration for this project came from youtube videos as:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rk4J-d7sPKQ&t=1179s&ab_channel=C%C3%B3digodeEstagi%C3%A1rio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4lOwOOK7yE&ab_channel=CodingHack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28VfzEiJgy4&ab_channel=WebDevSimplified

## Acknowledgements
This game is part of the Interactive Fronted Development milestone Project from Code Institute, and it has only educational purposes.
Would like to thank Professor Marcos Kutova for his precious tips and advices on Javascript and for suggesting me to use https://picsum.photos/ for randon images.
I also would like to give an special thanks to my mentor Brian Macharia, for helping me and most of all given me the motivation that was missing at the beggining of this project.
